Sooke Radio! It’s happening!

We are so thrilled to have received a Sooke Community Grant from Sooke Municipal Council. We are deep in startup conversations now, starting to meet with key community members that have offered support, and setting up our back end processes. 

Here is a snapshot of where we hope to go in the next few months:

May-June 2024: Establish non-profit organization
Done! We are officially a non-profit society! The Sooke Radio Society!
We are working on defining our statement of principles, content guidelines, and other foundational documents to get our footing under us

July-Oct. 2024: Develop Volunteer Base
We need volunteers in leadership roles with us! 
We are meeting with community groups and individuals as outreach now
If you are interested in helping out, in a small or large capacity, please reach out! Email or post a hello on discord.

May-Oct. 2024: Build web infrastructure
We are building our own custom website for our station! This will allow Show Hosts to pre-record shows or stream live on air, and provide a portal to information about our shows and content as well as a source of information and organization for our Society Members and contributors.


July-Nov 2024: Set up basic "studio in a suitcase" to support content creators
Purchasing equipment and software for people to broadcast from community locations, and helping Show Hosts set up to pre-record content and stream from home. 
We are also exploring an office space we could use as a studio for our hosts, where equipment lives - if you have office space we might use, let us know! 
Sept-Dec 2024: Recruit community content creators and contributors
We are looking for a variety of music, local interest and storytelling from across our amazing community! Content creators will need to abide by our Statement of Principles. If you are interested in pitching a show, connect with us! 

If all goes well - Launch online in January 2025!! 

As you can see - we are making a lot of exciting progress already, AND, we need your help! Please connect with us by email or on our community discord (public messageboard) with ideas, connections and support. We can’t do this without you! 

